KE6900 is a single view extender that supports one DVI display at each end , allowing the video output to display across two monitors. KE6940 is dual view extender that supports two DVI displays at each end , allowing the video output to display across two monitors. 

The KE8950 and KE8952 are single view 4K HDMI extenders that support HDCP 1.4 and HDMI 1.4a. The KE89 Series connect unit-to-unit or over a TCP/IP network via a Gigabit Ethernet or SFP port . The KE69xx will work with the KE89xx Transmitter and Receiver . Both models support Fiber Channel over Ethernet via SFP fiber modules which connect to a network switch at speeds up to 1 Gbps. Additionally, the KE8952’s Gigabit LAN port supports Power over Ethernet (PoE) which provides a network connection and powers the unit from a network switch over Cat 5e cable.

The KE Extenders have a local On Screen Display , abbreviated as OSD , on the receiver end to configure both units - for easy setup and operation. Both the transmitter and receiver have RS-232 ports to connect to a serial terminal for configuration or serial devices such as touchscreens and barcode scanners.

As KVM over IP Matrix Extenders they can make console-to-computer connections in several ways: one-to-one , also called Extender mode , one-to-many also called Splitter mode , many-to-one also called Switch mode , or many-to-many , also called Matrix mode .

The SFP module is sold separately. You can choose the 2A-136G, a multi-mode SFP module that provides 1 GbE connectivity up to 550 meters ; or the 2A-137G , a single-mode SFP module that provides 1 GbE connectivity up to 10 kilometers . Visit ATEN's website or contact your ATEN dealer for more information .

KE Series, include KE6900, KE6940, KE8950 and KE8952 has Remote KVM console access of computers over LAN or Ethernet cable connection. Dual console operation – control your system from both the Transmitter and Receiver by USB keyboard, monitor, and mouse. KE series, including KE6900, KE6940, KE8950, and KE8952 supports to usb keyboard . KE series, including KE6900, KE6940, KE8950, and KE8952 supports to usb mouse.

KE Series, include KE6900, KE6940, KE8950 and KE8952 has RS-232 serial ports allows you to connect to a serial terminal for configuration, and serial devices such as touchscreens and barcode scanners . 

Superior video quality – up to 1920 x 1200 @ 60 Hz with 24-bit color depth ( KE69 Series ) ; up to 3840 x 2160 @ 30 Hz (4:4:4) with 36-bit color depth ( KE89 Series ) . 

Supports standard VGA resolutions from 640 x 480 to 1920 x 1200 @ 60 Hz ( for KE Series , include KE6900 , KE6940 , KE8950 and KE8952 ). Supports HDMI resolutions from 640 x 480 to 3840 x 2160 @ 30 Hz ( Only for KE89 Series , includes KE8950 and KE8952 ).

Power over Ethernet , abbreviated as PoE functionality only supported by KE8952 – compliant with IEEE 802.3at and 802.3af standards.

Gigabit Ethernet port to KE series , include KE6900, KE6940, KE8950 and KE8952 . Remote login security to KE series , include KE6900, KE6940, KE8950 and KE8952 . DVI digital and analog monitor support to KE series , include KE6900, KE6940, KE8950 and KE8952 .  

The requirements of console connected to KE6900 are one DVI compatible monitor capable of the highest possible resolution , a USB mouse , a USB keyboard, and microphone and speakers . The requirements of console connected to KE6940 are two DVI compatible monitors capable of the highest possible resolution , a USB mouse , a USB keyboard, and microphone and speakers . The requirements of console connected to KE8950 and KE8952 are one HDMI compatible monitor capable of the highest possible resolution , a USB mouse , a USB keyboard, and microphone and speakers .

The requirements of computer connected to KE6900 are one DVI compatible monitor capable of the highest possible resolution,  USB Type A port, and Audio ports. The requirements of the computer that are connected to KE6940 are two DVI compatible monitor capable of the highest possible resolution,  USB Type A port, and Audio ports . The requirements of computer that are connected to KE8950 and KE8952 are one HDMI compatible monitor capable of the highest possible resolution,  USB Type A port, and Audio ports .

For optimal signal integrity and to simplify the setup, we strongly recommend that you only use the high quality custom USB KVM Cable that is provided with this package. 

The minimum hardware and software requirements for the computer running the KE Matrix Manager software are:  Processor ( Intel or AMD processor 1 GHz or above ) , RAM ( 2GB or above ) , HDD ( 16GB or above ) , Web browser and Java Runtime Environment 6 with update 11 or higher .

KE series include KE6900, KE6940, KE8950 and KE8952 that supports operating systems as follows: Windows, Linux,  UNIX, Novell and Mac. Linux includes RedHat, SUSE, Mandriva , also called Mandrake . UNIX includes AIX, FreeBSD, Sun . Novell includes Netware . KE series supports Windows's version is 2000 and higher. KE series supports RedHat's version is 6.0 and higher. KE series supports SUSE's version is 8.2 and higher.  KE series supports AIX's version is 6.0 and higher. KE series supports FreeBSD's version is 3.51 and higher. KE series supports Solaris's version 8 and higher. KE series supports Sun's version is Solaris 8 and higher. KE series supports Netware's version is 5.0 and higher. KE series supports Mac's version is OS 9 and higher.

The components of the front view of the KE6900T are as follows: Audio ports, KVM Ports, RS-232 Port, Remote and Local LED,  LAN LED and Power LED. Audio ports is two mini stereo ports for the speakers (green) and microphone (pink). The USB KVM cable supplied with the package that links the Transmitter to the computer plugs into KVM Ports. This RS-232 serial port is for connecting to the computer for serial control. LAN LED indicates the network status. Lights when connected to the LAN and blinks when the Ethernet connection is active. Light displays Orange means 10 Mbps. Light displays Orange+Green means 100 Mbps. Light displays Green means 1000 Mbps. Light is off when not connected to the LAN. Power LED lights blue to indicate the KE6900T is turned on.

The components of the KE6900R Front View are as follows: Power LED, LAN LED, Local LED, Remote LED, Graphics Pushbutton, OSD Pushbutton, Video Pushbutton and USB Port. Power LED lights blue to indicate the KE6900R is turned on. LAN LED indicates the network status. Lights when connected to the LAN and blinks when the Ethernet connection is active: light displays Orange means 10 Mbps, and light displays Orange+Green means 100 Mbps and light displays Green means 1000 Mbps. Light is off when not connected to the LAN. Local LED lights Green to indicate the Transmitter has KVM access of the computer. Remote LED lights Green to indicate the Receiver has KVM access of the computer. Local graphics pushbutton sets the displays image quality to the highest possible grade so that images are optimized, and this toggle button turns off the Video Pushbutton option. Graphics mode is selected by default. OSD Pushbutton use this pushbutton to open the OSD menu. Video Pushbutton sets the displays image quality to a grade that is optimized for video playback, and this toggle button turns off the Graphics Pushbutton option. Use USB Port for virtual media or a USB peripheral device, Note: First , when using a USB disk plugged into this port, see USB Mode, page 121; Second ,  this USB port does not support isochronous endpoints, therefore USB peripherals that stream audio or video data, such as speakers or webcams, will not work.

The components of the KE6900R Rear View are as follows: Grounding Terminal, Reset, Audio Ports, USB Port, Power Jack, Function Switch, RS-232 Port, Console Ports, LAN Port and DVI-I Output. Grounding Terminal is the wire used to ground the KE6900R connects here. Reset is this switch must be pushed with a thin object, such as the end of a paper clip, and the function of Rest is : First , press and release reset to reboot the device ; Second , power off, hold reset then power on the device while pressing reset to recover from a firmware upgrade failure ; Third , Press and hold reset in for more then three seconds resets the KE6900R back to its factory default settings. Audio Ports is these mini stereo ports are for the speakers ( green ) and microphone ( pink ). Use USB Port for virtual media or a USB peripheral device, Note: First ,  when using a USB disk plugged into this port, see USB Mode, page 121. Second , this USB port does not support isochronous endpoints, therefore USB peripherals that stream audio or video data, such as speakers or webcams, will not work. The cable from the DC Power adapter connects to Power Jack. Function Switch is the slide switch that sets the KE6900R's mode to one of two mode: Extension and RS-232 Config, Extension mode  sets the device to use the normal TX to RX extension mode, and to set RS-232 Config mode is the device is ready to be configured via serial commands through the RS-232 port. This RS-232 serial port is for connecting to a serial terminal. The unit’s USB keyboard and USB mouse plug into Console Ports, when using a keyboard or mouse with special functions, see USB Mode, page 121. The cable that connects the KE6900R to the LAN plugs in LAN Port. The cable from the local DVI monitor plugs in DVI-I Output.

The components of the front view of the KE6940T are as follows: Audio ports, KVM Ports, RS-232 Port, Remote and Local LED,  LAN LED and Power LED. Audio ports are two mini stereo ports for the speakers ( green ) and microphone ( pink ). The USB KVM cable supplied with the package that links the Transmitter to the computer plugs into KVM ports . RS-232 serial port is for connecting to the computer for serial control. Remote and Local LED lights Green to indicate which side of local or remote installation  has KVM control of the computer. LAN LED indicates the network status, and lights when connected to the LAN and blinks when the Ethernet connection is active, and light displays Orange means 10 Mbps, and light displays Orange+Green means 100 Mbps, and light displays Green means 1000 Mbps, and light is off when not connected to the LAN. Power LED lights blue to indicate the KE6940T is turned on.

The components of the Front View of the KE6940R are as follows : Power LED, LAN LED, Local LED, Remote LED, Graphics Pushbutton, OSD Pushbutton, Video Pushbutton and USB Port. Power LED lights blue to indicate the KE6940R is turned on. LAN LED is this LED indicates the network status, and lights when connected to the LAN and blinks when the Ethernet connection is active, and light displays Orange means 10 Mbps, and light displays Orange+Green means 100 Mbps, and light displays Green means 1000 Mbps, and light is off when not connected to the LAN. Local LED lights Green to indicate the Transmitter has KVM access of the computer. Remote LED lights Green to indicate the Receiver has KVM access of the computer. Graphics pushbutton sets the displays image quality to the highest possible grade so that images are optimized, and this toggle button turns off the Video Pushbutton option. Graphics mode is selected by default. Use OSD Pushbutton to open the OSD menu. Video Pushbutton sets the displays image quality to a grade that is optimized for video playback, and this toggle button turns off the Graphics Pushbutton option. Use USB Port for virtual media or a USB peripheral device. Note: First , when using a USB disk plugged into this port, see USB Mode, page 121 . Second , this USB port does not support isochronous endpoints, therefore USB peripherals that stream audio or video data, such as speakers or webcams, will not work.

The components of the Rear View of the KE6940R are as follows : Grounding Terminal, Reset, Audio Ports, USB Port, Power Jack, Function Switch, RS-232 Port, Console Ports, LAN Port and DVI-I Output. Grounding Terminal is the wire used to ground the KE6940R connects here . Reset is an switch must be pushed with a thin object, such as the end of a paper clip. Press and release reset to reboot the device. Power off, hold reset then power on the device while pressing reset to recover from a firmware upgrade failure. Press and hold reset in for more then three seconds resets the KE6940R back to its factory default settings. Audio Ports are mini stereo ports are for the local speakers (green) and microphone ( pink ). USB Port is the port uesd for virtual media or a USB peripheral device. Note: When using a USB disk plugged into this port, see USB Mode, page 121. USB port does not support isochronous endpoints, therefore USB peripherals that stream audio or video data, such as speakers or webcams, will not work. Power Jack is the cable from the DC Power adapter connects here. Function Switch is the slide switch to set the KE6940R’s mode : Extension , RS-232 Config, Extension : Sets the device to use the normal TX to RX extension mode , RS-232 Config : The device is ready to be configured via serial commands through the RS-232 port , RS-232 Port is an serial port that is for connecting to a serial terminal. The unit's USB keyboard and USB mouse plug into Console Ports. The cable that connects the KE6940R to the LAN plugs in LAN Port. The cable from the DVI monitor plug in DVI-I output.

The components of the Front, Rear and Top View of the KE6900ST are as follow : Reset, KVM Port, RS-232 Port, LAN Port, Power Jack, LAN LED and Power LED. Reset is an switch must be pushed with a thin object, such as the end of a paper clip.  Press and release reset to reboot the device. Power off, hold reset then power on the device while pressing reset to recover from a firmware upgrade failure. Press and hold it in for more then three seconds resets the KE6900ST back to its factory default settings. The USB KVM cable supplied with the package that links the Transmitter to the computer plugs into KVM Port. This RS-232 serial port is for connecting to the computer for serial control. Note: When a LAN connection is detected serial commands bypass the KE6900ST and are sent across the network to the receiver. When no LAN connection is detected serial commands are automatically directed to the KE6900ST for local configuration and control. The cable that connects the KE6900ST to the LAN plugs in LAN Port. The cable from the DC Power adapter connects to LAN Port. LAN LED indicates the network status. Lights when connected to the LAN and blinks when the Ethernet connection is active: Orange: 10 Mbps, Orange+Green: 100 Mbps, Green: 1000 Mbps. LAN LED is Off when not connected to the LAN. Power LED lights blue to indicate the KE6900ST is turned on.

The components of the Front View of KE8950T are as follow : Audio Ports , KVM Ports , RS-232 port , LAN LED and Power LED . Audio Ports is the mini stereo ports for the speakers (green) and microphone (pink). The USB KVM cable supplied with the package that links the Transmitter to the computer plugs into KVM Ports. This RS-232 serial port is for connecting to the computer for serial control. Remote and Local LED lights Green to indicate which side of the local or remote installation currently has KVM control of the computer. LAN LED indicates the network status. Lights when connected to the LAN and blinks when the Ethernet connection is active: Orange: 10 Mbps, Orange+Green : 100 Mbps, Green : 1000 Mbps, Off : when not connected to the LAN . Power LED lights blue to indicate the KE8950T is turned on.

The components of the Front View of KE8952T are as follow : Audio Ports , KVM Ports , RS-232 port , LAN LED and Power LED . Audio Ports is the mini stereo ports for the speakers (green) and microphone (pink). The USB KVM cable supplied with the package that links the Transmitter to the computer plugs into KVM Ports. This RS-232 serial port is for connecting to the computer for serial control. Remote and Local LED lights Green to indicate which side of the local or remote installation currently has KVM control of the computer. LAN LED indicates the network status. Lights when connected to the LAN and blinks when the Ethernet connection is active: Orange: 10 Mbps, Orange+Green : 100 Mbps, Green : 1000 Mbps, Off : when not connected to the LAN . Power LED lights blue to indicate the KE8952T is turned on.

The components of the Rear View of KE8950T are as follow: Grounding Terminal , Reset , Audio Ports , Power Jack , Function Switch , RS-232 Port , Console Ports , LAN Port , SFP Port and HDMI Output. Grounding Terminal is the wire used to ground the KE8950T connects here . Reset is an switch must be pushed with a thin object, such as the end of a paper clip. Press and release reset to reboot the device. Power off , hold reset then power on the device while pressing reset to recover from a firmware upgrade failure. Press and hold it in for more then three seconds resets the KE8950T back to its factory default settings. Audio Ports (These mini stereo ports are for the speakers (green) and microphone (pink). Audio Ports are mini stereo ports are for the local speakers ( green ) and microphone ( pink ). The cable from the DC Power adapter connects to Power Jack. Function Switch is the slide switch to set the KE8950T’s mode to : Auto , RS-232 Config , Local . Auto : Shared (simultaneous) KVM control of the computer at the Transmitter and Receiver console . RS-232 Config : The device is ready to be configured via serial commands through the RS-232 port . Local : Only the local Transmitter has KVM control of the computer . The Receiver’s KVM access to the computer is locked . Note: In Auto mode, RS-232 and audio functions will work on the Receiver but not on the Transmitter. This RS-232 serial port is for connecting to a serial terminal . The unit’s USB keyboard and USB mouse plug into Console Ports. The cable that connects the KE8950T to the LAN plugs into LAN Port. SFP Port The Gigabit Ethernet , abbreviated as GbE , optical fiber cable that connects the KE8950T to the LAN plugs into SFP Port. The cable from the local HDMI monitor plugs into HDMI Output.

The components of the Rear View of KE8952T are as follow: Grounding Terminal , Reset , Audio Ports , Power Jack , Function Switch , RS-232 Port , Console Ports , LAN Port , SFP Port and HDMI Output. Grounding Terminal is the wire used to ground the KE8952T connects here . Reset is an switch must be pushed with a thin object, such as the end of a paper clip. Press and release reset to reboot the device. Power off , hold reset then power on the device while pressing reset to recover from a firmware upgrade failure. Press and hold it in for more then three seconds resets the KE8952T back to its factory default settings. Audio Ports (These mini stereo ports are for the speakers (green) and microphone (pink). Audio Ports are mini stereo ports are for the local speakers ( green ) and microphone ( pink ). The cable from the DC Power adapter connects to Power Jack. Function Switch is the slide switch to set the KE8952T’s mode to : Auto , RS-232 Config , Local . Auto : Shared (simultaneous) KVM control of the computer at the Transmitter and Receiver console . RS-232 Config : The device is ready to be configured via serial commands through the RS-232 port . Local : Only the local Transmitter has KVM control of the computer . The Receiver’s KVM access to the computer is locked . Note: In Auto mode, RS-232 and audio functions will work on the Receiver but not on the Transmitter. This RS-232 serial port is for connecting to a serial terminal . The unit’s USB keyboard and USB mouse plug into Console Ports. The cable that connects the KE8952T to the LAN plugs into LAN Port. SFP Port The Gigabit Ethernet , abbreviated as GbE , optical fiber cable that connects the KE8952T to the LAN plugs into SFP Port. The cable from the local HDMI monitor plugs into HDMI Output.

The components of Front View of the KE8950R are as follow: Power LED , LAN LED , Local LED , Remote LED , Graphics Pushbutton, OSD Pushbutton, Video Pushbutto and USB Port. Power LED lights blue to indicate the KE8950R is turned on. LAN LED indicates the network status. LAN LED lights when connected to the LAN and blinks when the Ethernet connection is active: Orange: 10 Mbps, Orange+Green: 100 Mbps, Green: 1000 Mbps, off when not connected to the LAN. Local LED lights Green to indicate the Transmitter has KVM access of the computer. Remote LED lights Green to indicate the Receiver has KVM access of the computer. Graphics Pushbutton sets the displays image quality to the highest possible grade so that images are optimized. This toggle button turns off the Video Pushbutton option. Graphics mode is selected by default. Use OSD Pushbutton to open the OSD menu. Video Pushbutton sets the displays image quality to a grade that is optimized for video playback. This toggle button turns off the Graphics Pushbutton option. USB Port use this port for virtual media or a USB peripheral device. Note: First , when using a USB disk plugged into this port, see USB Mode, page 121. Second , this USB port does not support isochronous endpoints, therefore USB peripherals that stream audio or video data, such as speakers or webcams, will not work.

The components of Front View of the KE8952R are as follow: Power LED , LAN LED , Local LED , Remote LED , Graphics Pushbutton, OSD Pushbutton, Video Pushbutto and USB Port. Power LED lights blue to indicate the KE8952R is turned on. LAN LED indicates the network status. LAN LED lights when connected to the LAN and blinks when the Ethernet connection is active: Orange: 10 Mbps, Orange+Green: 100 Mbps, Green: 1000 Mbps, off when not connected to the LAN. Local LED lights Green to indicate the Transmitter has KVM access of the computer. Remote LED lights Green to indicate the Receiver has KVM access of the computer. Graphics Pushbutton sets the displays image quality to the highest possible grade so that images are optimized. This toggle button turns off the Video Pushbutton option. Graphics mode is selected by default. Use OSD Pushbutton to open the OSD menu. Video Pushbutton sets the displays image quality to a grade that is optimized for video playback. This toggle button turns off the Graphics Pushbutton option. USB Port use this port for virtual media or a USB peripheral device. Note: First , when using a USB disk plugged into this port, see USB Mode, page 121. Second , this USB port does not support isochronous endpoints, therefore USB peripherals that stream audio or video data, such as speakers or webcams, will not work.

The components of Rear View of KE8950R are as follow: Grounding Terminal is the wire used to ground the KE8950R connects here. Reset is an switch must be pushed with a thin object, such as the end of a paper clip. Press and release reset to reboot the device. Power off, hold reset then power on the device while pressing reset to recover from a firmware upgrade failure. Press and hold reset in for more then three seconds resets the KE8950R back to its factory default settings. Audio Ports are mini stereo ports are for the local speakers ( green ) and microphone ( pink ). Use USB Port for virtual media or a USB peripheral device. Note: First , When using a USB disk plugged into this port, see USB Mode, page 121. Second , this USB port does not support isochronous endpoints, therefore USB peripherals that stream audio or video data, such as speakers or webcams, will not work. The cable from the DC Power adapter connects to Power Jack. Function Switch is the slide switch to set the KE8950R’s mode : Extension , RS-232 Config. Extension: Sets the device to use the normal TX to RX extension mode. RS-232 Config: The device is ready to be configured via serial commands through the RS-232 port. This RS-232 serial port is for connecting to a serial terminal. The unit’s USB keyboard and USB mouse plug into Console Ports. When using a keyboard or mouse with special functions, see USB Mode, page 121. The cable that connects the KE8950R to the LAN plugs into LAN Port. The Gigabit Ethernet , abbreviated as GbE , optical fiber cable that connects the KE8950R to the LAN plugs into SFP Port. The cable from the local HDMI monitor plugs into HDMI Output.

The components of Rear View of KE8952R are as follow: Grounding Terminal is the wire used to ground the KE8952R connects here. Reset is an switch must be pushed with a thin object, such as the end of a paper clip. Press and release reset to reboot the device. Power off, hold reset then power on the device while pressing reset to recover from a firmware upgrade failure. Press and hold reset in for more then three seconds resets the KE8952R back to its factory default settings. Audio Ports are mini stereo ports are for the local speakers ( green ) and microphone ( pink ). Use USB Port for virtual media or a USB peripheral device. Note: First , When using a USB disk plugged into this port, see USB Mode, page 121. Second , this USB port does not support isochronous endpoints, therefore USB peripherals that stream audio or video data, such as speakers or webcams, will not work. The cable from the DC Power adapter connects to Power Jack. Function Switch is the slide switch to set the KE8952R’s mode : Extension , RS-232 Config. Extension: Sets the device to use the normal TX to RX extension mode. RS-232 Config: The device is ready to be configured via serial commands through the RS-232 port. This RS-232 serial port is for connecting to a serial terminal. The unit’s USB keyboard and USB mouse plug into Console Ports. When using a keyboard or mouse with special functions, see USB Mode, page 121. The cable that connects the KE8952R to the LAN plugs into LAN Port. The Gigabit Ethernet , abbreviated as GbE , optical fiber cable that connects the KE8952R to the LAN plugs into SFP Port. The cable from the local HDMI monitor plugs into HDMI Output.
